Short notes on some of the python libraries

Pandas:-
Pandas is one of the most powerful and flexible data manipulation and analysis
libraries in Python. The Pandas library can be of great use to work with tabular
data and informations. DataFrames and series are some datastructures provided by 
Pandas which further help in handling structured data, time series analysis, merging 
and data filtering. The key use of Pandas are data filtering, preproccesing, and 
exploration in data science and machine learning.

NumPy
NumPy is a vital library in python for numerical calculations, and supporting 
multi dimensional arrays. This library serves as a base for other libraries like
Pandas, Tensorflow, Sklearn etc . NumPy can be integrated with various other languages
which makes our tasks easier and more powerful for performance optimization.
It is required in Python to perform fast and efficient array ooperations which 
are the core part of data processing and analysis.

TensorFlow
TensorFlow is an open-source machine learning framework developed by Google.
It is widely used for building and training machine learning models,especially
deep neural networks. Tools like TensorBoard for visualization, EagerExecution for
dynamic graphs and other tools support in enhancing the overall development process
in Python.TensorFlow supports a wide range of ML tasks like natural language 
processing, image recognition etc which can be used to deploy various machine 
learning models in scalable environments.

Keras
Keras is integrated with TensorFlow and provides advanced API for developing 
neural links in Python. Using Keras, we can rapidly build the deep learning model
prototypes. Keras include different pre-trained models which can be customised
for boosting the overall development processes. Keras is accessible to new learners
and simplifies the creation and testing of deep learning models, and smoothening the
change from research to production.

Sklearn
The SKlearn or Scikit-learn is one of the most popular libraries for classical 
machine learning which provides simple and efficient tools for data mining and data 
and data analysis. The Sklearn provides various supervised and unsupervised 
algorithms like linear regression, decision trees, clustering etc, data preprocessing
tools, tools for model selection and pipelines which can be widely used in developing
machine learning modules, feature engineering and evaluation.

PyTorch
PyTorch is a open-source deep learning framework developed by Facebook's AI research
lab. It is known widely for its dynamic computation graph, whhich allows models to 
be built and modified on the fly during execution. PyTorch includes autograd which
is used for auto-differentiation and can be used to simplify process of computing 
gradients during training. PyTorch maintains the balance of flexibility, accessibility,
ease of use, performance optimization etc for developing deep learning models and 
research purposes.